Field Lists: Add field-lists option. (#182)
open-contracting/kingfisher-summarize: docs/cli/use.rst

-  You want to make it easier for a user to discover the foreign key relationships between tables (for example, using ``\d <table>`` instead of ``\d+ <view>`` followed by ``\d <table>``)
-  You are :ref:`creating the Entity Relationship Diagram<create_erd>`

.. _field-lists:

Create array of all paths for each row in each summary table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``--field_lists`` option adds a new field to each summary table called ``field_list`` which contains an array of all JSON paths (excluding index postiions) contained in the object that the row represents. So for example in the ``awards_summary`` table it will contain the paths of every ``award`` object.

.. code-block:: bash

    ./manage.py add 123 "The note" --field-lists

> This can be useful when asking questions about the existance of multiple child fields in a simple way.  For example, if you want to know how many awards have at least one ``document`` whith an ``id`` and at least one ``item`` with an ``id``, you could run the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used to check for the presence of multiple fields.  For example, to count the number of awards that have at least one document with an ``id`` and at least one item with an ``id``, run:
```

```

.. code-block:: sql

   SELECT count(*) FROM view_data_collection_1.awards_summary WHERE field_list @> '{documents/id, items/id}';

> The ``@>`` symbol stands for 'contains' and the right hand argument is a string representation of an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``@>`` operator tests whether the left JSON value contains the right JSON values.
```

Also, do we not need `::jsonb` after the string?

Author: The data in the field is a TEXT[] (text arrray) not a JSON array. The casting happens automatically in this case as it always tries to cast a string to the value of the other argument.

Author: Pull request now says:
```
The ``@>`` operator tests whether the left ARRAY value contains the right ARRAY values.
```

Reviewer: That works, thanks!
